a little Brian had it out ciao what are
you doing just hang it yeah um you're
not sober are you this is a sober
October 4 yeah now I'm doing it now you
can get high a watch okay can I blow it
on you yeah yeah I don't think that
counts as uh-oh this is a joint yes this
fellow really yeah that's all weed
that's Mike Tyson's weed
oh it's sweet yeah oh yes I got a torch
cigar torch I could smoke a cigar with
you
oh sweet that's legal we re now were
thinking that when we started sober
October we started smoking cigars we
were thinking maybe that will disqualify
us and when you just quit yeah what does
it they Kabuto how's that well Jeff yeah
yeah but it's it can't really get you
drunk you stay sober you'd have to drink
a case of it to even catch a bug but if
you schedule a doctor's appointment like
a dentist appointment they gave you some
okay yeah like what if you get surgery
like what if somebody got their appendix
taken out yeah you like to do any kind
of like medication or medicine or no you
have to die no there's no real rules for
that I mean look it's not the thing
about this contest that's really stupid
is there's no consequences that's not
even a friendly penalty of law there's
nothing open first I'm on there I can
have a glass of wine right now nothing
had happened
yeah oh no I lost yeah I'll tell you
what though I've been getting a lot of
messages from people that are inspired
and it makes me feel real good I reached
out to some dude yesterday on Instagram
because he lost something like 200
fuckin pounds you know I mean it's crazy
that's the duty of the scars all over
because he he got his uh the extra skin
removed after he lost all the way it's
amazing sober October you know sometimes
you just have to have a thing like that
where everybody goes I'm gonna do it too
and then it gives you the reason like a
motivation to get going that sometimes
that's all people need ma'am yeah I just
got over that
Aikido thing so now I'm just like fuck
that I feel like I'm free again like I
can
you know have normal food again and
that's hard to do man Cheetos hard to do
it kind of got to me to the point where
now I'm like doing the opposite like I'm
just like I want to eat everything
because I've been wanting to eat pizza
for so long and like Catholic school
girls tell him to stay away from tech
and they can't wait hold of 90% that's
what it is it's people don't like being
told what to do they don't like being
forced into something that they don't
enjoy that's you know that's why school
is ineffective that's why so many things
don't work but the the keto thing the
problem with it is I think it's a
healthy thing for a lot of folks if you
have epilepsy apparently it's the thing
because it can stop your seizures you
know there's people that have epilepsy
they get ketogenic and it just kicks it
to kicks it off it just you don't you
don't get seizures anymore
but it's boring so now and then I want
pasta and also fruit I like fruit that
was the biggest one for me just fruit
like watermelon you know great just
having some watermelon in the morning is
you know it's the most delicious food
ever I think like a good perfect
watermelon on a hot day my god it's
amazing you know it's fun it's a fucked
up fruit though cuz it's only racist
fruit you know it's like the only fruits
it's attached to racism there's no other
fruit where you can make fun of someone
for eating and it's like racist if
you're had that um durian shit yeah so
it's good it's not bad right god it
smells smells horrible it smells
horrible
have you had it's like they have it in
Thailand in Thailand they love it I
tried it in Thailand it's like this
weird sex spike dealer yeah spiky on the
outside then the inside it's kind of
mango like sort of like a pale mango
it's not my favorite but I tried it but
goddamn it smells like dog shit it
smells so bad that they ban it in a lot
of hotels because people will go into
hotels and you know like folks that they
come from a culture where they eat that
stuff all the time they'll bring bags of
it the whole family is eating that stuff
and it walks down the hallway and people
like what in the fuck says it smells
like Limburger all right hair de
Limburger yeah it's got a weird smell
you can't take it on public land
transportation in some places either Wow
yeah it stinks it's weird that tastes
good my friend did that fasting diet you
know that's the one that everyone's not
fasting the one where you only eat like
a small part of the day yeah I did that
yeah intermittent fast intermittent
fasting and he woke up sleepwalking one
night and found out on his nest cams
like his security cameras he goes into
the bathroom passes in like not falls
down and hits his head and he showed a
picture it's just blood everywhere in
his bathroom goes back to bed didn't
even know about it wakes up and he sees
blood everywhere checks his cameras
finally sleepwalking a couple days later
he starts having seizures like like out
of the blue because the doctor doctor
says it's because of that that diet he
was doing his brain was starving that's
what that doctor said that doctor was
making shit yeah yeah that guy needs to
go to the neurologist
he's probably got a fucking brain tumor
one thing though I did know is that when
I was on keto I slept walked a lot and
it I think was my body trying to find
sugar really yeah because I'd never
sleepwalk because I have cameras in my
living room and yeah I know it's kind of
weird but when I was on keto I slept
walk maybe ten times having since I've
been off having slept walk once and you
say slept boss laughter I'd slept once
sleepwalk is it sleep when you talk
about past tense is it sleep walked or
slept slept walk it's sleep sleep I've
never sleep walked
yeah i sleepwalk but I don't think I've
ever heard anybody say it's past tense
you can't pass tense the first part of
the compound word oh it's a weird one
weird slept I slept well last night but
I slept walked yeah I did some
sleepwalking you could say that
sleepwalking hmm yeah I think that's
kind of interesting I wonder if it was
my body craving sugar so bad that it
woke me up because I was like going
through the cupboards trying to find
sugar oh well that make sense yeah it
was that I don't remember any of it then
how long will you kiddo for seven months
yeah eight months hmm the intermittent
fasting is a good move because I think
most of the time look for me
I eat when I'm bored I do it all the
time like when I come home from the
store and I'm riding I just start eating
and then I'm like what am i doing
because I try to do intermittent fasting
so that means if I come home it's
midnight and I'm riding and I start
eating that means I can't eat until 2:00
in the afternoon the next day and just
don't wake up till to have kids I will
have responsibilities I'm not I'm not a
like a Peter Pan like you all right no I
I think that would be the the diet that
makes the most sense but because I
already seem to only eat once a day
which it's not healthy though it to you
once a day no it's not you should get a
nutritionist you got some cash you
should hire a trainer and get a
nutritionist yeah I think about going
back to Weight Watchers I'm almost at my
fattest level right now I want to get
really fat and then take that before
that's and you want a strategy before
I'm like you keep saying you're gonna
lose weight you like I know what I'm
doing I'm gonna get really big like why
because I always forget to take the
before photo and then I can't wait
through a diet like dammit now I'm just
gonna be normal now it's like oh yeah
but you didn't look that bad before you
gotten a big fat beard on just this
beard it looks like I gained 20 pounds
yeah just shave the beard at the end
it's sort of like when people get a tan
and they're after photos and they look
more ripped yeah you know before after
like after you just tan bro Tan was
better lighting yeah yeah I follow a lot
of bodybuilder girls and I don't know
why it's disturbing to me but when they
start cutting down weight and then you
see them like monitoring their food and
watching their portions and shit they're
getting leaner and leaner
it bothers me like I get nervous why I
don't know I'm like this I don't do that
like it's fucking why like what are you
doing just losing all your fat just so
you can get on stage and squeeze
everything and pose I get it you know
but I don't see I don't think that looks
the best that's why I understand that's
what weird Smee out I don't think it
looks the best especially for ladies
when you like super shredded it just
doesn't I don't even like when you have
those those man shoulders you know where
you see like a really girl beautiful
girl and she takes off her cardigan or
whatever and you're like oh she has like
her frame looks like a
man that doesn't bother me oh I I mean
she's durable it bothers me when they
get shredded I don't know why I just see
it seems like they're suffering like
it's it seems like a mistake you know
what I mean like like I guess maybe I
guess this is probably what it is I
guess I connected to anorexics because
anorexics legitimately freaked me out
there was this one girl that I used to
yoga with and it was so sad man it was
so sad she would come in and everyone
would feel like fuck she was like 80
pounds her whole body was bones she was
just bones
yoky in Phoenix and a joker oh my god I
do to get down to that I lost 50 pounds
and his shoulder looked all fucked up
too well he was just posing in weird
ways too I mean he nailed that role dude
he really seen it I didn't want it oh no
spoilers if you you think I should go to
the theater for this one no you can
watch it on okay I mean it when's it
coming out at home you'd have to wait it
just came out so yourself to wait oh
there's a new thing apparently where you
can get home movies at home what home
movies of course you can get theater no
not on new insurance you did it like
legitimately and you pay quite a bit of
money really yeah yeah yeah there's a
some new thing yeah that should be a
thing like you pay how many people would
you normally go to a movie with like
four people each tickets about 20 bucks
nowadays no pay 60 bucks so you can rent
it for 24 hours that would be the shit
yeah I wanted to do the opposite I
wasn't I was trying to look up to see
how much it would cost to rent
interstellar to have a screening at the
Chinese Theatre in Hollywood mmm that
was the coolest movie and sound I've
ever seen and I want people I know to
experience that oh so awesome mmm how
many I don't like it's do you know how
much it could you can do screenings
there I think you'd have to figure how
much it cost to rent that the print of
the movie yeah there used to be thirty
five-millimeter prints when I was a
projection as they people would rent
like hey we just rented back to the
future for our company picnic and he
would like as a projectionist he would
get it in the mail with all the other
films in your bag what the fuck wise
back to the future hearings I think I
don't think it's that much I think it's
only a couple hundred well we have a JRE
movie night
we rent a movie theater hey that would
be the shit where do we go though and
your big theater so you know where you
want to go you want to go to the one of
them cine apples Cinna apples and the
ones drinks yeah they have drinks I'm
food and does the seats lean back you
get an assigned seat to do this yeah we
should find out yeah Rick I wanted to
watch those movies like that roar movie
with the Tigers or the otherwise well
according to Joey Diaz the new Rambo is
Roadhouse times a million he goes Joe
Rogan you gotta see this fucking movie I
was crying and laughing I was crying
laughing he goes it's Roadhouse times a
million it seems like it it looks
ridiculous well he's a thousand years
old he's fucking everybody up and I was
already was low-budget though like like
really like what it was a surprisingly
low budget maybe he's like decided and
he's gonna keep all his money when
you're that age right like how old is
Stallone now was he's 77 let's guess how
old 74 I bet and II think he's older
younger than Arnold Schwarzenegger
I think he's older how old is a Jamie I
want to say 72 but I'd okay a year older
let's try I'm saying 76 74 73 73 just
turned 73 July 6 okay so when you're 73
you got to feel like at the most if
everything goes amazing you got 30 years
in the last 10 you ain't gonna remember
shit so you got 20 years to burn through
a big-ass pile of cash what are you
doing it all on Rambo movies coyote on a
golf course
why is he off a coyote on a golf course
is that to keep like birds away or some
shit I don't know whatever the
protective what is he doing
he's got some skinny legs man take that
picture of his legs again that is crazy
that makes me nervous that he can walk
upstairs what's up why is his leg so
skinny that looks like an injury or
something like his leg is shrunk
now look weird I mean he doesn't even
look like he has anybody right there
he's so jacked though
apparently in that movie he's super
jacked he might have like knee and back
problems though when you got back
problems man your legs shrink I was
fucking jacked when you uh
I know it dude has got a severe back
problem in one of his legs is like
shriveled up because his nerves aren't
firing correctly he went to Germany
apparently and he got a bunch of disks
replaced and it just didn't work well
and he's just got all sorts of
inflammation and scar tissue and his
nerves are blocked off like he you know
he had a bunch of fucked up discs so he
went he got a bunch of him replaced in
one shot and stayed over there for a few
months and now his body's just fucking
up like left and right well you get Rick
real back problems are fucking scary as
shit
I sent Dean Delray to lifespan lifespan
medicine to deal with his neck
Dean Delray he's got a bulging disc so
bad he's like dude I worry when people
bump into me when people bump into him
he's in pain yeah I thought he had a
stroke yeah like if you pass you pass by
him and accidentally like bump into him
a little bit he's like ah like he gets a
stinger from a head banging or um no
from a motorcycle crash some messed up
lady nailed him on a lever from a few
years ago yeah he got fucked up pretty
bad and it's not getting any better
yeah it was so weird because he's like I
quit riding bikes you know for after
that but then he got a bike like six
months later like what the fuck are you
doing you you you almost died well I
think for Dean you know he's trying to
make some he bought a nice car like a
Porsche he had a great deal on it and
then he flipped it you know yeah I'm not
flipped it like died in the crash like
Kevin Hart style he just he turned it
over and made some money right of it
yeah yeah yeah and so I think that's
when he bought a bike yeah I guess
people who love bikes man they they
think it's worth a risk
fuck that out here I can't believe that
there's not more are those scooter
deaths everywhere I know right yeah dude
those things are goddamn fast well we're
in Denver they're everywhere
and everybody's riding those electric
scooters all over the place you like is
that really how you want to go out
did you know the fast 24 hour do yours
looks pretty good way faster than those
bird shoot all this do you chase that
shit I don't trust that shit anymore I
flipped over my bike a couple years ago
I'm like it's something that's that's a
message John yeah I know too many people
that aren't broken my friend broke both
of his arms on one of those scooters he
flipped and he landed on his arms both
of his arms and he had to have his mom
live with him for like a couple months
because he couldn't do anything when I
was doing zookeeper with Kevin James I
did a lot of my own bike riding and I
fucking wiped out hard because I didn't
realize that if you we were in this
scene where he was beside me and I was
trying to hit him with a flag and he was
beside me on his bike and I was holding
on to the handlebars with my left hand
which is your front wheel so when I hit
the brakes on my left hand I just went
flying over the top of the handlebars I
didn't do it just once either
I fucking wiped out pretty hot like here
what what DVD extra hey watch boom ow
yeah it's a pretty good wipeout yeah
that's exactly what I did in my bike I
flipped over like exactly like that but
I got lucky didn't get hurt but it's
just luck
you know you land on your arm wrong the
elbow goes backwards and then you're
fucked and that was just you grabbing
the brake to the wrong breaker yeah yeah
I just went over the handlebars but you
could you know bikes you could get
fucked up then when I was in Utah
recently we were driving down the road
and we saw this lady fall on her bike
she was across the street on the other
side and she was trying to she was
trying to do something and she just got
tangled up in her pedal and just dumped
over and landed on one arm tried to post
on her left arm and snapped her arm and
then she couldn't get out she's
screaming so we went over and pulled
over and people don't know how to deal
with injuries so people are like okay
let's take your backpack off I got don't
touch her I go she has a broken arm
listen to me don't touch her you know
and I'm like listen we got we gotta
we're gonna get you a hospital well you
know we'll get you an ambulance it was
lucky that she was like a block away
from the police station but people want
to do things
they want to like oh they let's take our
arm and put it in a splint and let's
let's let's tape it up no no don't do
shit yes you neck injuries also and like
car accidents people are like ninety
minutes well Kevin Hart's accident they
pulled him out of the truck out of the
car and then they took him to his house
I'm like and he had three broken
vertebrae like yeah don't don't do that
don't touch anybody like you can like
you could just yank someone the wrong
way after an injury and make them way
way worse especially something like this
ladies arm was so obviously broken the
cops didn't even notice it the cops came
over and they're like oh so how's
everything right now
you feeling okay anything wrong I go
she's got a broken arm it's like where's
the arm program I got a look at her left
arm it's like oh my god look fuckin left
arm was so broken it's like when you see
someone's broke like broken bones and
unfortunately I'm really used to it I
see so many injuries from fights you
know from the UFC I'm so used to seeing
breaks and things broken I just looked
at I'm like yep that's that is like her
elbow was like her arm went straight and
her elbow went back I'm like we're not
moving don't take her back back off but
she started hyperventilating she had
never broken anything she's 50 she's
like I never broken a bone before I'm
like it's not a bad one it's just an arm
like you're gonna be alright put it in
the cast you know six weeks from now
you're gonna be laughing at this people
sign your cast you'll have a funny story
you know it's just a broken arm have you
ever broken arm Jamie I'm not gonna what
have not broken a bone no bones what
about you same here
we got that Ohio water dairy yeah that
in no contact sports big football state
come on Joe did you play football yeah
I'm not in high school but up to high
school up to high school well when
you're a little kid it seems like you
just get fucking plowed over and you're
Bend and now they don't even know each
other they're just the dad will just
grab you and just smack you and each
other but kids are so light they're so
light and they just bounce off each
other
when we turn my bikes have you seen this
before I'm gonna play this video but
fuck this this is this it's called the
like mountain of hell there's another
name for it too I can remember like
now naka lips or something like that
they start in France on the top of the
Alps thousand bikers is that snow yes on
the top of a glacier you end up going
like 5,000 feet downhill so I could take
a mile or two down you're riding on ice
yeah these are the guys in front but
here in a second when they have to turn
it creates this fucking insane pileup of
a plate you can't avoid yeah you have to
be a god oh my god don't happen here we
go here's the first one and then it just
causes a major pileup be fun bang boom
and then dudes are trying to dive out of
the way yeah I'm just going downhill
it's like on a ski slope but everyone's
on mountain bikes for those that are
listening
oh now oh it's like ants yeah and then
dudes are braking early to try to avoid
it and they just wipe it out at the top
oh my god this is what a stupid thing to
do when you know that that many people
are gonna crash leave this guy on the
outside trying to go fellas I made it
down there yet still at the top yeah and
then gonna try to figure out a path but
you can't really hit the brakes right
you're on ice yeah going downhill and I
saw yeah that works
this is so dumb look at that boom but if
you make it out of there and you're safe
and you get to win what is that what do
you win there might be some money at the
end I don't know it's like doing so
Brockton wah songs you get a croissant
yeah it's just like so rocked over it's
just stupid yeah with the best thing I
really believe the best thing about
sober October's it inspires people that
actually do have a problem Bert
Kreischer inspires people - Bert
Kreischer and here's a crazy thing that
Bert Kreischer told me because you know
Ari Shaffir and him had a little bit of
an incident with some MDMA oh if you
know about that Bert said that ever
since taking that MDMA he has zero
desire to drink he said it really
cleaned it out and that he heard that
when you take ecstasy that ecstasy like
kills your desire to drink that it does
something to you to make makes drinking
seem really silly and he said he's super
focused it probably was actually on
honestly everybody could think for him
if he hadn't done in a while because
there is positives for doing it I mean
yeah circumstances were not the best the
circumstances were the worst
at home with his kids already dosing
them but he said that uh you know he
feels amazing and that like he really
does feel focused and clear that's great
huh if Ari would have done to me I
wouldn't have cared as much but yeah
your body's like a fucking no I was
wondering because I did a pot his
podcast the day before you one of his
gonna dope you know I was I was
wondering if he did and then it was like
oh I didn't work as we ended up crossed
for our podcast and I'm like did I
because we did smoke a lot of weed but
I'm like did I maybe I was doing man
yeah well I remember I gave Chris
Maguire some weed and he was sure that
it was laced with something yeah you
know he was like this is not regular
weed something in this something he was
like really paranoid that there was
something in it you know like if you if
you don't if you're not use this
California weed and you don't smoke a
lot and then you're like oh alright I'll
have a couple come on guys you know and
you get a peer pressured into it yeah
well I had something the other day that
fucked me up it was because they don't
tell you especially when you're at the
Comedy Store everyone's just passing
joints so this one person was one of
those weed fanatics where he had put
Keef on it and whatever oil THC oil like
I had like three things on it those guys
some fuck off yeah those guys they they
give you these joints and it's got like
it looks golden when you open it up it's
just got so much Keef and all the the
oils and the hash oil in there
that's ridiculous like why do you want
to get that high like what is wrong with
them their tolerance like I guess you
know like I can't I don't understand
it's like I can take two hits of the
shittiest joint and be like you know
what that was great I'm fine
if you ever do be real smokebox be very
good yeah I've been that's too hectic
please be careful cuz you got to drive
home after that and you don't even know
where you are if it wasn't for
navigation systems I'd still be living
in downtown LA yeah I would have never
figured out how to get home that's what
the test that comes in for Drive for you
yeah it's like these guys just smoke all
day every day and to them that's their
baseline like their normal is just being
SuperDuper high so they're they're used
to it
like that we weed
we got so high before we even got into
the car you know and then you get into
the car with the cameras in it and then
they do like this podcast and you like
it's surreal it's like an out-of-body
experience yeah and you feel really
paranoid and really worked up like long
yeah no thanks I don't like that shit I
don't like that why why why even bother
doing that no one likes that they do
obviously somebody likes that how
there's people that like that yeah they
put their like the leaf blowers full of
wheat and just blow it on each other
it's tons of videos I was like High
Times conventions and yeah cannabis cops
can they take a leaf blower and they
pump a bong up yeah it's ridiculous
I mean but this is like these are the
arguments for weed being illegal it's
like look at these idiots it's not a
butt chuggin butt chug light show yeah
but the thing is like it's weird it's
like we have this line of personal
responsibility right you can go to any
bar and they don't check to see if
you've already been drinking they don't
know what your tolerance is they don't
anything you get any bar you give me two
shots of Jack Daniels and a Grey Goose
on the rocks there just give it to you
bang nobody cares
they just think you could figure it out
you know how much of a responsibility is
a bartender actually had a lot who then
yeah they can go they can go to jail to
the bartender can if they don't
negotiate I think yeah that to me is so
ridiculous I don't think the but I think
over-serve like if you get over certain
and they can prove it you're just as
responsible if he can't like drives home
drunk didn't kill somebody
do you well if you know someone's gonna
drive this the problem is like I was
talking about this on stage once that
the real problem with drunk driving is
not that people can't drive when they're
drunk the problem when you're drinking
is you don't know if you can drive or
not you don't know how drunk you are
because you're drunk
like you might have three drinks and you
might fail a drunk driving breathalyzer
but you might be able to drive perfectly
you know but if you have four drinks or
five drinks you might think it's okay to
have six or seven like you don't know
where you are you don't know like where
you are on the spectrum of drunk or not
drunk when you're really drunk
that's part of being drunk
what the fuck's going on that's why I
like that's why the consent issue when
you're really drunk is weird you know
it's because it's like some people like
to get drunk and have sex and then some
people say well you should never have
sex with someone when they're drunk
because they can't consent because
they're drunk okay but then that's like
90% of all people having sex
yeah how many people have sex while
they're drunk I only have well I think
autonomous cars it's gonna that's gonna
be very interesting how they deal with
alcohol and autonomous cars because if
like you have a drunk mode like if
autonomous car like say if you have a
Tesla in 2026 right and it has the
option to be completely autonomous it
drives on its own or you can go manual
so it detects that you're drunk says mr.
Redmayne you are intoxicated we would
like to drive and then you have to let
it take you like would you get but do
you think there's gonna be a complaint
in time where
drunk driving doesn't apply because your
car is gonna drive you home
it makes the final decision for you I'm
all for it like just it wouldn't be hard
to have a breathalyzer on a car I did do
that now yeah I have a friend who he he
got arrested for a DUI like more than
one and he had to blow into his thing on
his van as work van hit a blow and his
little thing before it would let him
start the car this is another demolition
man coming full circle again because
there's that scene where he gets in and
he makes the car he's like give me give
me control and she's like what the fuck
are you doing you're gonna drive he's
like yeah manual control give me that
shit he took chases after what year was
demolition man's place be in now I think
I'll double-check I need to watch that
again they're doing that THC a
breathalyzer next year what are they
gonna find out supposedly it detects if
there's THC like if you have smoked in
the last
whatever three problem with that is
there's I don't they've done studies
that show that people drive well when
they're high you know they have done
studies there's been these tests and
they're not you know it's not randomized
double-blind placebo-controlled studies
but they are they have done some studies
where they show that people drive well
hi I know they have twenty twenty thirty
two is far away that's actually pretty
close it gets frozen for 36 years and
wakes up in 2032 oh wow
is that funny what they used to think is
gonna be going on like yeah mm they'll
just be able to freeze you what wasn't
that back to the future that was like
2017 or something like that for - yeah
and then you look at you're like that's
yeah when when they came but yeah the
second one the attractive future - yeah
I know wait nobody ever gets it right
like they get a couple things right but
everybody thinks we're gonna be way more
advanced than we are remember space 1999
do you remember that 1999 what's that it
was a TV show oh he thought that 1999
we're just gonna be flying around
spaceships and living on the moon
they're always wrong well you're as the
Jetsons supposed to be way off I was
like 1950 what year was that supposed to
be
yeah the Jetsons they had flying cars
but you see the problem with three
dimensions is you got to keep people
locked into grids because that way you
can keep them from just going up or down
or left or right randomly like birds and
slamming into each other
that's probably well how it's gonna be
though it's probably going to be autumn
you know you could only do it with the
Tesla driving right right if it goes
flying you mean mm-hmm do you think
they'll have that yeah because that we
have to stay in a grid there have to be
some kind of traffic you know to that
people we can't be flying all over the
like you say all over the place see
right so they'll have to have like lanes
in the sky but by that time we're
probably not gonna have any control of
it it's probably all gonna be probably
right yeah well that's why helicopters
are so weird because helicopters if you
get a pilot's light like when I went up
with BRR
I was surprised and how much freedom you
have like we were flying around downtown
LA it was like let's go here you just
take a left in the sky go right go down
go up go around here we were we were
really close to buildings and you'd be
amazed at how many buildings in downtown
LA have helicopter paths on the roof and
so you land on the roof you get out you
open a door you go downstairs you avoid
all the bullshit apparently that's the
move in New York City
Tommy buns was saying that right I think
it's called yeah
so subscribe over Hydra has helicopter
now in New York City we were helicopter
imagine some chatty uber driver that's
flying a fucking helicopter won't shut
up that's what Kobe Bryant did when he
first got like his first big contract I
heard he moved down to Orange County and
was just flying a helicopter every day
to practice downtown magic flying all
that trash store be sick yeah if you
just go super baller Kevin Hart style
put a fucking helicopter pad on the roof
of the store how do you want in the
Hyatt right no no no they have a rooftop
like bar up there yeah I mean the next
door one last thought was the Hyatt you
weren't even living here yeah it wasn't
that long ago yeah it's beyond up there
when it was the Hyatt really yeah it
might have been 10 years ago more
actually yeah it seems like it's been
when what was it when that dude jumped
off of it I was a long time that was
before well was the 70s I think cuz it
was during the strike when people didn't
get paid to do comedy at the store right
and the guy who'd jumped off they said
he wasn't even good it's like one of
those guys that's like yeah I'm gonna
fucking do this for everybody and
everybody say hey man you don't even
really working you know I mean like
there's always those guy that's one of
the weird things about the store there's
there's comics that are hanging around
there that are all working you know and
then there's a few people that will
never work and you know they'll never
work and they know the devil but they're
always they're kind of comics cuz
they've done it a few times right
they're more just there for the bar is
there for the hang they hang yeah but it
gets weird right all sudden they're in
your conference
and yeah there's a lot of people like
that but luckily lately that I mean
there hasn't been as many I don't think
because I think they've been kind of
getting called out more by other comics
Wow it's kids weird it's you know can
you imagine if that was the case with
other occupations
you know like CEOs of corporations hang
out with people who want to be CEOs but
they never really started a business
they're all just hanging out together
that's one of the weird things about art
so anybody can create it and no one's to
say that someone who sucks can't just
figure it out there's nothing stopping
you from figuring it out but something
is like something keeps you from
figuring out but you don't know what it
is
like how many comics do you know that
used to suck and that became good I know
a few I know quite a few I know some of
them some of them who struggled early in
the day and you like wow I don't know
about this guy I hope he makes it and
then look Sebastian had a hard time
Sebastian used to have a hard time now
he's one of the biggest comics on the
planet Earth he's fucking huge my friend
Mark Telegraph they sent me a picture of
Sebastian on stage at Boston Garden in
the round 18,000 people and I'm like
look at him look at him like I remember
when he was strong on his first start
now he was he's like a great success
story he really is because he was a
waiter at the Four Seasons his waiting
tables and also doing stand-up at night
you see him he's fucking hilarious
you see him at the antique me Music
Awards this year yeah that was a mistake
I could have told him that was a mistake
but I feel funny like he's coming out to
like he's like hey you know I don't know
that's like it's like a bad thing hire
like does it make sense he wants to do
it wants to do it Jessel necks not gonna
do it you know who the fuck's gonna do
it who you gonna get to do it Jeff Ross
would he do it he would yeah he'd
probably do it I mean you can keep
robably get some comics to do it they
Jeff could probably pull it off he's
that's like his kind of gig fuckin
around talking shit writing jokes about
it but Sebastian is like he's Sebastian
that's his thing his thing is being
Sebastian right oh my - old-school you
know that's his joke like these phones
you know whatever but you don't want to
see him like hose up you want to see him
- an hour set you want to see him do his
set you don't see him some fucking
malarkey yeah awards show a bunch of
music that you know he doesn't listen to
he's probably listened to the
temptations every night shit you know
probably goes to bed - Frank Sinatra
Springsteen but heat I did it mom
on repeat yeah yeah I probably plays it
over and over again yeah
the summer winds came blowing in do you
see the Phil Hartman documentary no that
was interesting I didn't know a lot of
it they really uh really you're in it a
little bit I didn't know a lot of things
one thing I didn't know is how they gave
you a part in the show where it was
supposed to be Phil's character writing
you or something like that like a will
or something and they gave it to each
person of the cast and they didn't let
you read it beforehand so that when you
were reading it in the show it was
actually your first time reading like
this letter that was supposed to be from
Phil yeah and I didn't know that that
was amazing yeah that was that was one
of the weirdest moments of my life you
know getting phone calls that he was
dead my phone just kept ringing people
just kept calling and friends and loved
ones and family members and it was just
it didn't seem real like who would kill
that guy he was the nicest guy I wish
you hadn't met him yeah he was so cool
like the fucking everybody liked that
guy and he used to like to get high and
go to strip clubs yeah he's like get
high and go to strip clubs get high and
riding around his boat I went to a strip
club with him do you remember which one
um I think it was Bob's classy lady I
think that's what it was called I don't
think it's around anymore but he had an
appreciation for these young ladies that
was like it was it was almost childlike
but it wasn't creepy he was like god
you're beautiful you look him because he
was high he was like look amazing this
is incredible like he was having a good
time
he was it he was a really really unique
character I remember there was a guy who
was some guy was blackmailing him and
some guy had filmed him at a strip club
with his wife and his wife was getting a
lap dance and he was getting a lap dance
too and the guy was like he wrote some
really
P letter saying that this is gonna
violate the policies cuz you know fill
it had endorsements and commercial deals
and he was doing movies and stuff like
that he was just blowing up got it
Ferrari
you know he's blowing up and this guy uh
went to his house and nailed this VHS
tape in an envelope to his garage door
and I was with him on on a phone call so
feels like I'm gonna talk to him right
now I'm gonna come come come come into
my room so I went in his dressing room
and the guy calls me Lizzie hey what's
going on buddy he was talking to the
kind of like the guy was his friend and
they were setting the guy up and you
know Phil was gonna give him like I
don't forget what the money was tens of
thousands of dollars meet me at this
place and I'll meet you there and he had
these for lack of a better term he had
someone who's a dangerous person meet
this guy and let him know in no
uncertain terms that his life is gonna
take a terrible turn for the worst if he
continued down this path and but it was
uh it was weird to see like someone
trying to exploit him and the guy was so
dumb he actually met with Phil like Phil
knew who the guy was like he saw his
face you know I was there with the guy
was like look you know I just need some
money and feels like I get it so big
deal no it's just it's weird when you
see someone trying to like prey on like
they think that's their way out like
this is my way out I'm just gonna get
this guy to give me some money and I'm
gonna put it all together you get it
fell I mean I just need some money
he's like I get it buddy no big deal I
was just playing this guy along until
the dangerous men came and talked to him
Wow they also really focused a lot on
the wife which I didn't really know much
about about how she wanted to be an
actress also and like she was trying to
get Phil to like put her into shows and
doing that you know and stuff like that
and she was very resentful of them yeah
she would insult him like insult him
publicly like oh it was just really
gross sad
but he didn't think he should get
divorced because he felt like it was bad
for his image he was like really
concerned about his image cuz he was
like this squeaky-clean family guy who
was you know I mean it was really
starting to take off for him so you feel
didn't really make it until he was older
in life like I don't think he was I
don't think he got on Sara alive until
he was in his late late thirties
might've been older than that and when
he was on Newsradio I think he was like
46 yeah who if so he was like he had
worked as a graphic artist you know he
that you see that um album cover that's
out there pinned to the wall yeah that's
him yeah he drew that yeah she's drawn a
few amazing things I was very surprised
about that his a super versatile guy he
could do a lot of different things and
his work ethic was amazing like he would
have a binder and his scenes he would
have different color tabs for each scene
and he would go over his notes and go
over his lines like I'd never seen
anybody do it like none of us did none
of the rest of us did like the only the
only one who's like him like Steven root
was even more different than him because
Steven root was a character like you
played Jimmy James and he in real life
is like the sweetest most normal guy but
when he was playing that character like
he would become this Jimmy James guy it
was spooky like you've seen him in a
million like off what is the movie know
Isis data
yes tape ler yeah no D piece dude he was
great in that new Western - what is it
The Ballad of Scruggs Buster Scruggs
what is it called
it's a Coen Brothers thing right isn't
it it's really weird
have you seen that no I haven't seen it
it's very weird it's very weird it's
really good but it's like whoa all right
it's just weird you know but but Stephen
root is in it's amazing he's just a real
actor you know what else dude I mean I
would never do a sitcom again ever
but I'm so glad I did do it like I
learned a lot and it was a great
experience
did you see Andy did got arrested again
he
yeah I canif you and Tommy weren't like
buddy cops you wouldn't do that around
shooting people with guns I do a sketch
who cares about TV anymore right like
it's saying anything I don't watch any
TV shows except for cart the South parks
and that you know the cartoons and stuff
but there's not like a sitcom I give a
fuck about you know there's only
existent was I caught up by Mexican
Joker last night it's great yeah I was
trying to catch up cuz I saw their they
have a new one tonight oh yeah they got
controversy with China it's worth those
those are the guys that still to this
day I look forward to watching every
week they go hard in the paint do you
see the response that traded to China no
Jimmy he said I so yeah trade didn't an
official response to China of them and
that that's what yeah I feel explain to
everybody what happened so they had
South Park had an episode that kind of
mimicked or made fun of the mba's
response or the president of the NBA's a
response to China that was in the news
recently and it's about how Hollywood
edits their films like Iron Man 3 has a
host 12 minute scene that they added
just for the Chinese release because
they like make things to make China
happy so they can make more money
because there's so many millions of
people in China what did they have it
you know I it was a scene of an Asian
doctor in like I think they were taking
out the thing in his chest and saving
his life or something like that
yeah they added Asians to it and I think
they cut a lot this happens a lot in
Hollywood I guess they they did they
edit for like a Chinese version where
they even add stuff to it and make it
more Chinese happy so that so Trey
Parker and Matt Stone made this whole
episode about that and of course you
know I got banned from China China
scrubbed the whole internet free of
everything official apology to China
from Trey Parker and Matt Stone like the
NBA we welcome the Chinese censors into
our homes into our hearts we do love
money more than freedom and democracy
what how do you say X I G I think G
doesn't look just like Winnie the Pooh
at all tune in to our 300th episode this
day at 10:00 long live the great
Communist Party of China may this
autumns sorghum harvest be bountiful we
good now China oh my god he's the best
he's the best are the best they are the
best I love them they're the best we too
love money say that pull it up put up
the exact quote again what does it say
we too love money more than freedom and
democracy
she doesn't look just like Winnie the
Pooh at all like yeah just adding that
just 300th episode that's what we
welcome the Chinese censors into our
homes and into our hearts like the NBA
well the NBA thing is a weird one right
like the guy like he's he's like super
social justice warrior II he's always
criticizing this and that when it came
to China he's like huh everything's
really good over there oh yeah the
Commissioner Jim yeah What did he say I
don't know what he said necessarily he
definitely soft peddled yeah he's
flowing over there now that I have a
meeting about it yeah and there's
there's a chance even that I heard that
he might even could even get fired from
this because that's how much money that
NBA as a company is gonna be losing from
China China now what is the big deal
about China they just like basketball or
is it just just a giant market so many
people yeah they've got them hooked
lying on on basketball since like yeah
Ming back in the next 15 years ago got
in there
what about linsanity is that still going
on he got popped it he's he signed to
play over there this year actually what
happened with him he took off he was
kicking ass for like a very short period
of time he had a very good NBA career he
just won an NBA title with the Toronto
Raptors but Korean people stopped
talking about him it was a hype train
that happened and he like had a very
good run of like 10 12 games he was in
part of it was he was in New York with
the New York media train the Knicks they
weren't very good I'm not very good now
but that it all got wrapped up and all
that kind of oh and then he got sent off
to another team and went you in a small
market kind of everyone kind of forgets
about you the whole China things very
strange man we got hit up by someone
from Huawei once it come on the podcast
yeah no thanks good yeah oh the phone
I'm so yeah yeah drop some phones off
the days listen to everything you do
follow you home that's really
interesting
that'd be like one of those phones you
leave at work and you wake up in the
morning it sit on your sink hey fuck
what's going on here hey man it's like a
black mirror episode those Huawei phones
are fucking badass though that's the
thing it's like look I wish it no here's
the deal okay
I gave a thorough examination I went
from the iPhone 10s max whatever the
fuck the last one was and then I got a
note ten and then I got the new one the
iPhone 11x maxpro fuck your mother
whatever it is the the note can't fuck
with it at all write the notes just not
it's good it's clumsy
they're not as good they're clunky their
their keyboard sucks
where's keyboard ever made I don't
understand why people don't bitch about
that more than there's a you can add
those other keyboards they laid out
they're a little bit better it but not
Apple just got the keyboard down down
down down it's like you don't realize
how much better Apple's keyboards are
until you try and this is only on their
phones their laptops our dog shit well
the laptops keyboards are so bad
I got a 15-inch one there's companies
that take the old ones the old 15-inch
ones from like 2012 and they put a SSD
card
they put a solid state hard drive in it
and update the processor and update the
graphics they update everything and they
give you like one terabyte of storage
but they basically pile modern internal
components into the old shell so you get
the real keyboard a keyboard that you
can actually feel the keys you actually
feel where they are and you feel them
moving around the new keys those flat
fucking keys are just so bad you're
gonna hate the future of MacBook Pros so
you might as well just switch I like
that because the definitely is going to
become a screen on the bottom as a
keyboard what yeah they're definitely
gonna use the letter feedback word it
you know just so if you guys so it
sounds like you're tapping on the screen
but you're actually just gonna have a
whole screen and they pulled
pressure-sensitive off the new iPhones
yeah so it's just long press not
pressing because no one used it yeah and
no mine's very nice what everybody
usually did one of the few people
because there's one thing that they
haven't replaced yet like a lot of the
other things you hold down it does all
what it used to do but the I don't know
a lot of people didn't even know about
but when you're on the keyboard and you
just like hold your thumb down you used
to be able to use it as like a mouse
like a cursor so if you're trying to you
know be excused with the spacebar you
can still do it not hold the spacebar
down okay normally the spacebar people
don't know explain that because it's
pretty dope this base bar when you hold
the spacebar down
you can move that cursor around anywhere
you want yeah so really nice yeah when
you're typing or anything like that it's
like having a mouse and a good thing
yeah I thanks man that was one I was so
bummed about that I'm like I was like
like they were I was that was what
really pissing me off well day two a lot
of things that you don't know what they
do like a lot of people don't know how
to make a screen shot or have it do
squeeze screen record there's like a lot
of things that people don't know how to
do yeah that it's like I mean it's a
really complicated device and most
people will use like three tenths of
what it's capable of but there's so much
better than Android phones right now I
mean maybe I'm wrong maybe Huawei has a
better keyboard but the Samsung keyboard
in comparison to Apple there's no
competition there's so much there
there's so less accurate and they their
prediction like prediction of like what
you're gonna say next is so bad it just
doesn't work good the notes camera was
very good I that's where new attends I
like the camera I like the focus video
you could do you pretty much do the
portrait mode but in video mode which
you can't do on the iPhones yeah that's
better
that's one thing that the note does
better that pen I never use that thing
yeah me neither
it's cute I like having it around I like
showing people look you could take a
picture with it you press the button it
works like a remote control never use it
once yeah see this is a big new
essential phone that got leaked
yesterday now I like this I think I've
talked about this before how I wouldn't
mind a thinner skin or longer phone
sitting there just leaked so they don't
slip walked
remote control yes that's the phone it's
a central phone - can you show the video
of it because there's a video of it
that's really cool when he's like
scrolling through the he's scrolling
through the operating system one other
videos it's a new Android operating
system they have put on the phone I
don't know if it's gonna have like
things removed from it so is it their
own thing I think it's a proprietary for
them uh-huh is that a camera yeah that's
a huge fucking camera that's gonna be
like one of the best cameras ever if
well it's a really small phone so like
if that iPhone camera was on something
so thin that would look huge - and
that's a it's a very thin thing it's
like not even its it seems like it's
almost half the size width wise of your
iPhone why would you want that I don't
get that different just everyone I mean
I tell options are good hand cramping
and you like how wide the phone is like
I'm constantly like trying to lean over
that's so good
I've are an Apple TV remote sighs it
looks like yeah exactly what it looks
like I like that do you I really do well
I'll tell you what though who had was a
dan Aykroyd who had the old iPhone in
here Oh commander flavor
David flavor had an iPhone 4 when them
little the with us the flat sides metal
yeah the metal sides it's so small like
he was showing me pictures on I was like
squinting to see the picture there's so
little but it's so tiny just like fits
in your hand yeah that's what I like
because that my hands sore it hurts like
I bet it's at night like it's it feels
like I've been typing all day you know
we're stretching it out it's really that
big of a deal
my Mac is way smaller than yours though
yeah but if you if you just got a
smaller iPhone just get the small one I
could barely reach over yeah it's it's
pretty big but when you're watching
youtube videos it's the shit I'll tell
you what that is one thing that yeah I
have a hard time getting all the way
over there - okay so that max right the
big one yeah yes my girlfriend is the
other one I have that yeah it's smaller
I like that better my girlfriend has
that size and it might be the move cuz
it used to be a bigger deal like there
was like a camera stabilization for
going to the small - the bigger one we
have any pop sockets here
we have the jerry pop sockets give me
one Nikki Glaser stolen
did she well I I gave it to her I
thought there were more of them but
that's not stealing I know I know I was
sorry Nikki took it with some weed oh we
gave her about five pounds of weed I
hope she didn't try to fly back with
that magic she got arrested special
right yes it's all right now hilarious -
that's my letter take that lady's
fucking funny she's great she's very
funny but pop sockets my point was if
you have a pop socket you just that's
way easier you could text like a
motherfucker or the pop socket just
slide that bitch right in there like
that pop up my new favorite thing Joe is
Apple watch now allows you to record
voice memos on your watch so when you're
doing stand-up it's right there so it's
a perfect recording because it's right
next to your mouth one thing though is
to turn your phone on airplane mode
before you do it if you because then it
sometimes switches to the phone mic but
what so what I do is I put them both on
airplane mode so then I have audience
and then voice right next to it so if I
wanted to mix it I would have almost a
perfect sounding stage recording so it's
two separate recordings yeah same show
yeah so you keep your phone on your on
the stool you're recording the audience
and then you have your voice right next
you have to sync them up yeah you just
whatever groans okay wow that actually
sounds badass yeah that actually makes
sense like a real reason to have an
iPhone watch yeah I like it also you
could monitor your sleep now you wear it
or I guess it's coming soon but you
could wear it and tell us how many times
you wake up and it tells your heart
rates and stuff I already have that with
this thing I have this whoop strap this
thing is amazing this this thing it
doesn't just measure that and measures
heart rate variability it measures all
the disturbances how much REM sleep you
had our deep your sleep was it also met
it measures because of heart rate
variability it measures how much you've
recovered from your workout measures how
many calories you burned I mean the
application that comes with it this
whoop application is fucking incredible
it's got I mean it takes a long time to
learn all the shit but there's so much
data that you get off of these things
and they gives you like these little
things to fill out little questionnaires
that let you know it here my
every today's only 16% but I just got
done running though so it's not a watch
at all it's just it's just this right
like that doesn't tell you the time at
all there's no no readout on it nothing
you just keep it on you oh that's badass
because that looks cool - yeah and it
measures all your shit it measures your
recovery your strain it's got a sleep
coach and so here with sober October
we're all wearing them so we all get to
see that's why I have today Burt burnt
the most well how was he number one when
he burnt 1,700 calories and I burped
1000 is an automatic order because no no
it says 12-point his day strain is
twelve point two months twelve point one
even though my activity was harder than
his oh look at this it's on the internet
they have a website sober October jacket
tracking watch it yeah this I'm a big
fan of this strap this thing is really
really effective it's pretty fucking
amazing
maybe Ari's wearing Bert's strap for him
you know felt bad no first time you're
talking alright that's just for recovery
I put it depends on what you're looking
at yeah I mean there's a bunch of
different metrics
let's leave you can look so you can read
your strain your recovery you can read
your performance like how much how many
calories you're burning how much how
much you've recovered how efficient your
body is it just lets you know where you
stand physically it also lets you know
whether or not you should push it or
whether or not you should slack off I
look worse look look at all that shit
man it's incredible we're sleep Bert oh
of course
he's haunted by re re the memories of
already drugging him keeping him awake
at night I was gonna say on the new on
the iPhone something I didn't notice
that you were getting close to was that
they added in the health app your
headphone audio levels so it tracks how
loud you're listening to stuff over time
and it tells you when you're in a good
or bad audio listening range like if
you're listening to shit too loud you're
starting to damage your hearing whoa so
this then gets into the Apple watch they
if you turn it on on your watch it
listens to the ambient sound so if
you're in an environment like in a city
where it's too loud it adds that into
your your audio health it gives you
warnings also is one thing I've been
doing lately
the Comedy Store when you know the
backbackback place where you smoke the
weed you can download a audio meter that
tells you how loud it is and so I've
been down I download that a long time
ago it is so bad back there when there's
a lot of people back there that it's
like emergency get out of that area it's
bad for your eyes or ears it's like a
bar yeah I know but it's way high tired
well yeah you got a bunch of comics back
there echoes off there oh that's true
too right the concrete everything I
would say though allowing them to listen
to all these microphones you're just
giving them access to listen to you
everywhere and what do they listen to
shit there's an article that went around
these recently about this stuff called
like a mesh network that's created with
some of these like cameras on people's
doors there's like a test that happened
in the LA basin 700 cameras gave them
access to almost the entire LA area whoa
because the way that they linked to each
other and there's like some like
watchdog people are saying that like
even if you're smart enough to like not
do this the person next to you might not
be or your neighbor might not be they
might have it on and just because your
proximity is close enough your iPhone
knows that your iPhones next to it and
it just goes oh yeah you were here Joe
was there yeah you can't it's gonna be
really hard to pull shit off in the
future and it seems like with all these
nest phones and ring phones and our you
know not ring phones ring cameras and
net cameras nest cameras and people have
on the front doors after a while it's
everywhere you go you're gonna be filmed
they passed the law I think today that
that California like body cameras that
cops use can't be used for facial
recognition like the ACLU got a law
passed through that said like that won't
be able to happen or something like that
hmm too bad but we're caught a lot more
people that seems that seems weird
because that seems like when you would
want to use it when you're a cop looking
for bad guys it's like yeah but I think
what's happening right now that I've
been reading is like there's third-party
companies are getting access to that
stuff and like they can buy it and
that's where some of the discrepancy
because it's just happening too fast
there aren't laws in place to stop some
of these things from happening I just
think it's just a good there's lots of
great
that can people can maneuver in it seems
to be not people just a matter of time
before you have surveillance everywhere
everywhere you go everywhere everything
is available to everyone except inside
your house like people gonna tinfoil up
the inside of their bedrooms just to try
to keep people out and then you have the
fucking television that probably has a
webcam on it you know people they do
watch they'd listen to the some TVs have
that stuff on to listen to what's going
on in your house and what your dick
cross-references audios let's say
serious all of that is yeah they're
listening to everything I mean even
contractors who work for Alexa in Apple
pods and all that shit with or I think
apples one of the ones did is is that
Apple as well because apples pretty damn
strict on privacy which is kind of
interesting it's one of the reasons why
Apple Maps is not very good yeah because
they don't collect data on everybody the
way Google does like the benefit of the
Google map color of the Google data
collection is you get like really
detailed analytics on everything and so
they know exactly what's going on so why
something like Waze work so well because
there's so many different people giving
up information you know that's mean it
shows you where the slowdowns are and
where the cops are and you know it's
it's there's benefits to it it's super
effective but the drawbacks are you're
going down this weird road where these
companies are selling your information
that's what what Google is is a company
that provides you data they provide you
information but they're also selling
your data they're constantly selling
what you're interested in like if you
ever went and like say like you're
interested in a watch like I want to get
a new watch you look at watches every
fucking time you go to any website now
those Google ads will be a watch yeah
it's weird
it's like they're they're they're just
tempting you like come on Jamie I was
listening to a podcast about the
beginning of the his the history of the
Internet it's called like mint cast this
was a couple months ago but he was
talking about how like when ARPANET was
starting up in the 60s there were a lot
of protests about just even turning it
on because people were knew that it was
gonna be a surveillance system like sort
of like what is happening now really
yeah even back then and
and the ability it doesn't work if
people aren't using it kinda like it
needs to spread and get it grow and then
personal computing is sort of like tied
in and came along the perfect time for
this
whoo to like grow more and iPhones or
even the next the next evolution of it
now but doesn't it make life better I
mean there's pros and cons right and the
cons were all terrified of but isn't it
amazing that you could just Google
things yeah like you know like I I said
something the other day that I thought
was a line in the movie I was like it's
not a line in a movie and my wife is
just googling it and just like nope nope
nope no like what how crazy is that you
just find out like in a movie like how
many goddamn movies are there you just
type in something in quotes and it'll
say oh that was from The Shining and
then BAM the lyrics for every song or on
it every song every song it's just the
the prose I think at least right now
outweigh the cons it's just we all
wonder where it's going that's what's
scary what's scary is the unknown you
know scary is this unknown surveillance
state aspect of it all you know it's
just it's better though it's like there
are benefits I've bought some of the ads
I've got shit for great well john
carmack had an interesting take on that
you know you know who's Carmack is the
guy who created quake and doom and all
those games and he was talking about
oculus and we were talking about
technology and people being addicted
their phones he's like yes but it makes
your life better he's like his take on
it was but people's lives are improved
because of this technology and that this
is you know the guest people do get
addicted to be on the screens but one of
the reasons why is because it's it seems
better to them than not being on the
screens like there's benefits it's
making their life more enjoyable I'm
like okay but you're I see how you're
looking at it that way but that's you
know convenient when you're in
technology to look at it that way but
the people that look at it like in terms
of like human beings and our connection
with each other like how much of is how
much of it is getting eroded because so
much I mean how much how many times do
you and I and once we see each other at
the store how many times we talk on the
phone like I called you up the other day
like hey what's up I don't
like the first phone call of 2019 I
called Santino yesterday I'm like I just
want to talk on the phone Mac we gotta
talk on the phone yeah I think it's good
to talk on the phone I don't think
people talk on the phone enough I
definitely don't well we're lucky to and
that our job we go out at night and we
see each other we all see our friends
you know we talk like there's a lot of
folks who don't do that
they see each other at work during the
day and then at nighttime they're
sitting at home watching TV or staring
at their phone and their interaction is
severely and limited like our business
is a social business like we're always
out you know we're always out and about
talking to people and interacting with
people but I think some folks today
because of this technology they're
socially a bit stunted and that's what I
worry about yeah I see it a hundred
percent I mean that's it's weird that
how it's you know when texting came out
every was like who's texting and that's
kind of taken over from more people like
I know a lot of people that don't answer
the phone eating yeah and email
addresses I think that's kind of on the
way out who emails anymore unless it's
like work or something like that like I
mostly text or I mostly message each
other I saw some girl complaining about
people facetiming her and she was like
you she was like you FaceTime me for no
reason and she owes that's like just
knocking on my door without telling me
you're coming over
don't just FaceTime me she was angry Oh
FaceTime and meeting people face time
people now though that's a thing like
Chappelle's facetiming really a face
times that's a new talking with the
phone open on speakerphone yeah well the
killer Mike FaceTime FaceTime me I was
taking a shit since Tina was live on his
Instagram and I was I popped in and he
tried to make me like oh yeah I just
woke up and I was very hard and it was
dark I was like no I'm not joining your
shit my eyes aren't even open like I
can't don't be scared Jamie look like
scared you looks your wonderful looking
man yeah ugly people be happy to look
like you well thank you yeah I think you
and Joey and my parents are the only
ones I answer phones I start calling
people every day now I call a lot of
people I always call my wife I
text her but I'm trying to call more
people I think it's I need to move
that's a healthy move just you get a
real conversation a little back and
forth a little laughter you know joke
around with each other
texting is just so fucking impersonal
it's so bland open to interpretation
yeah you know teaches the voice memo
thing that the text message is allows
you know you know who does that man Alex
Jones he'll send me these long Joe Rogan
would that what's going on right now the
deep state with they're trying to do a
trump send me these long fucking
voicemail messages that come in a text
message a voice memo go away - yeah
people are into those though those
little voice memos I don't know why hit
the other voice I guess no no but yeah
that's true
but my voicemails always full so that's
the sneaky workaround I keep my
voicemail full like get out of here with
that thing yes no spoiler alert but
screening phone calls over answering
machines popped up in that movie and
that was like a thing that I kind of
forgot oh yeah just be able to do like
yeah yeah yeah he would let it go - hey
what's up Joe not here right now
leave a message you'd probably say
something cool tries to either have some
cool music like some Whitesnake playing
in the background I get so many scam
calls everyday now that I spend most of
my time just going through my missed
call list and then googling the phone
number to see if it's a scam a scam call
or not is there a way to block that
isn't there a robo call blocker new
iphone thing lets you block numbers that
you don't have saved so that goes
straight to voicemail
yeah that's key because you know if you
don't have it saved then you'll just
check the voicemail later or see that
they called yeah I don't check any
voicemails all my shits off they're like
I have it on like silent mode
do not disturb everything so it might I
have to just make sure I check it every
like 15 minutes or so well for me I'm
glad I got the note because I wanted to
know what the dark side was like I was
like you know because I watched a lot of
tech videos on phones and stuff like
that and I was like well maybe an
Android has caught up maybe it is better
and it's not still clunky fucking Cuba
it's good for watching YouTube it's good
for Google and stuff it's good for
Google Maps it's really good for Google
Maps like Google Maps on Android is its
native you know to Android so it's it's
actually slightly better than it is for
iPhone but that's it they kind of have
like when you connect it to your car
there's like an Android thing Android
auto yeah yeah it's okay but like a lot
of car manufacturers don't even fuck
with it like BMW doesn't even fuck with
it they do use apple carplay and if you
have an Android you can go fuck yourself
they don't care my Honda has both which
I thought was cool so you could it has
the Apple Play and the Android Play yeah
a lot of the aftermarket ones have both
I've never tried Android auto that's one
bad thing about Tesla though huh yeah I
mean he needs to do something because
there's no messaging app on the Tesla
but I think that's better that way you
don't fuck with it while you're driving
yeah it's nice just to be at least like
hey you got a text message you know or
any shouldn't have anything I guess I
don't know man I I just I think it's
something there's something good about
not fucking with that at all while
you're driving you know if you can look
at your phone if you want to it's still
there yeah but that big-ass beautiful
screen it's worth it I like it though
when you know in the Honda you just hit
a button and just read your text stick
mmm oh yeah like Auto yeah yeah yeah
apple carplay yeah yeah that does that I
have that on my Toyota but see the thing
about Tesla is though their navigation
system is so superior like what I love
about it is it works like a phone
because it's all connected to the
Internet so you could say to it hey you
know navigate to Tom's barbecue and and
they'll just bang and they'll just take
you to Tom's barbecue and it says like
would you like to go on autopilot like
fuck yeah would you press Auto Pot would
you like us to change lanes fuck yeah
change lanes bitch he'll change lanes
for you I mean it's it's so superior in
like its application like the way the
way it first of all the screen is
enormous right so you're looking at the
entire grid of the city basically and
you see where you're going a mile away
it's not like sometimes you're looking
at like a little screen on a phone and
you're like what is this next or is it
the next
is this one of the next one with the
Tesla there's no confusion you know and
you get on the front screen on your
dashboard yeah you see a part of like
what's coming up next is zoom it's the
closest part like oh there's the left
right there dude it's so good it's so
good and then driving it other cars feel
stupid don't they yeah I tried to drive
my Civic the other day and it sucks like
this used to be the coolest car to drive
like fun and no now it just seems so
dumb they're dumb yeah they're dumb he's
got me I like yeah I am I am tested for
life because of this I don't know enough
about all these analysts that are
predicting the Tesla's gonna be doomed
like some guys said the Tesla's gonna
lose 80% of its stock or go away like
some financial analyst like what they've
been saying that forever what are they
basing that on I've read that stuff too
I
they have competitors that don't want
them to do good it could be I don't know
they're doing very good they're talking
about it like the new Porsche Levin if
you saw that oh yeah they're joke but
guess what try to charge it try to go
try to go like across the country with
that thing they don't have the
supercharger network that Tesla has and
that's everywhere why wouldn't they have
the same interface okay the Tesla
doesn't know that you have a Tesla right
it just knows it's electric and it goes
into the socket charging point
all right thing right yeah I think I
think that's a the one at the airport is
just electric yeah you're using one of
the airplane it's gonna put on the
little adapter but who cares when you're
going to the airport you leave your car
parked and you plug it in you come back
it's fully charged there's one in the
middle in the middle LAX oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah it's hard to get them sometimes
because a lot of people have electric
cars now but I got one the other day
oh so everyone got mad that you have to
pick up your taxis and ubers now like in
a satellite slot or take off hey that's
all over there
well they need that for the goddamn
Comedy Store those dorks always park
right in front of the driveway you can't
get in or out it's a nightmare yeah it's
how they get mad at you like you're not
supposed to be here stupid yeah it's out
of control that's all but look at least
less people are drunk driving it the
congestion I to fix anything there is a
great idea so I don't know like we
complain about them doing anything
least I'm trying it's the less less
traffic definitely ok it just sucks you
mean Elya yes the worst it's horrible I
came home from Italy with my family at
11 o'clock at night it was
bumper-to-bumper worse at night it was
so bad I couldn't believe how many
people were at LAX it's so bad and then
you go to like Salt Lake City and it's
just smooth sailing ah you know you go
to a night a smaller town Airport Salt
Lake City's a goddamn hidden gem kids
five o'clock at night 5 o'clock p.m.
Tuesday night nobody's on the road it's
just smooth sailing they don't have
traffic their traffic is non-existent
the Mormons scare everyone away like
it's beautiful
the weather's gorgeous they're
surrounded by mountains but Evers like
ah these Mormons
and they get scared off and they don't
move there yeah I think so it looks
great I mean the only bad things the
snow right what no my lips you just did
you get a four-wheel drive just get a
truck you know and fucking you know stay
home when it snows with Tesla releases
their truck I'm coming out soon
I sent Elon a picture of a truck and I
said hey man this looks fucking dope
he's like that's not really our truck
mmm yeah he said it was his words it
it's more blade runner-esque that's what
he said it's more than that not sure
yeah that the picture that I think
you're talking about the black one
that's already pretty running but that I
could tell us fake yeah if he's gonna
make a truck he has to have more of a
bed space in the back right I think he's
trying to make something yeah that's
fake that's like that looks fucking dope
man it looks pretty Tron - I like the
lights oh my god that looks amazing
but I think whatever he's doing is gonna
look even doper than that but no one is
saying it it's somehow or another been
able to keep it under wraps
yeah that's good how many people have
trucks you know in the United States
that's gonna be a game-changer I'm
surprised that he hasn't released it yet
because it's American yeah that's an
American product I mean all these people
that wanna like it's a weird thing like
people argue oh Lord fuckin engines and
Ford and sure
you know like they think that's American
we'll guess what else is American Tesla
that's an American invention it's
American like and it's good for the
environment you love the outdoors yes
you do good get a fucking electric car
drive around on that yeah it's the best
part it's uh he's gonna be interesting
to see what it looks like have you got
solar at your house yet you ever try to
fuck with the Tesla solar we were going
to get the Tesla roof panels but our
roof has the wrong pitch for whatever
that means out direction yeah so we have
another set up another solar panel Hass
yeah but the I think solar is in
California it's a silly thing to not
have it's like you can get all your
power from the sky it should be the law
every house has to have it well I think
it's a matter tell like Tesla has these
solar panels that act as tiles he looks
like roof tiles and look really good
those are real nice roof tiles but I
think you know they didn't have that ten
years ago and ten years from now they
probably have something even more
efficient
the real problem is battery capacity
like battery capacity is the thing that
holds back these electric cars and they
think they're gonna be able to fix that
too and they think with new battery
technology you're going to be able to
get more mileage and to be able to
charge far quicker that's gonna be the
real game-changer
cuz once people there's a lot of people
that like Brendan Brendan Schaub he's
like resisting the Tesla driving rise
like you driving that again he gets mad
because like why are you traveling your
muscle cars I'm like I love those but I
love this you got to drive this mad like
I'm not driving it's quiet it doesn't
matter when you drive it once you're
like holy fuck when you realize how fast
they are it's like it time travels it
just goes just just it just cuts the
distance between spaces in a way that no
other car can do I don't I've never seen
another car that and and it does that
without being obnoxious like it doesn't
go bad it doesn't make some crazy loud
noise it just goes whoosh Elon should
definitely have an update where it makes
your car speakers match with your your
acceleration like it's so you feel like
you're inside like a rumbling car while
you're driving down they do how they
have that with some cars which people
get mad at it apparently the new
Corvette pipes fake sound into your into
the car because when when they make cars
that are turbocharged
when you have forced induction with
turbocharged these these turbos they
make the engine sound shitty like a
naturally aspirated engine as the
loudest most rumbly kind of an engine
and when you have turbo charges it mutes
the sound of the engine because although
I don't know why I guess it's because of
all the forced air they they don't sound
as good so what they've been doing is
they've been forcing like fake sound
like BMW does that like when you're
driving the car and you hear the cool
acceleration sound it's kind of fake
it's coming in through your speakers
yeah this is really weird
they're about to release a fart Warren
also that test yeah I've heard about
that that's a great idea I saw this
video today and you started mentioning
something that triggered it did you see
have you seen this yet says solar a
game-changer for technology developed in
San Antonio to pull water from humid air
so this guy Moses West he was retired
and it took him four years he developed
this machine called a AWG I'm trying to
find out what that stands for but it's a
big machine that pulled literally makes
drinking water from the air at very low
cost he said lower the cost in ground
water Hey well he already has them in
Puerto Rico the Bahamas and Flint I
think he's made 12 of them so far I've
talked about this with my dad before
because I have a humidifier and it does
the same thing I have to empty out the
water container out of it every a
dehumidifier I'm sorry right and it has
this big tank that when I use it I have
to like throw it out and I was like that
just pulls from the air and I was like
dad why can't you drink it and he's he
says it's too uh it's still water so you
can't you know you can't drink still
water right like it's not you know what
like pond water kind of shit no like
that little water it's not still water
the water you can buy distilled
distilled water right yeah it's not good
for you got to add electrolytes to it
the science behind the technology is a
simple condensation the same principle
that creates beads of water on the
outside of a cold glass of water on a
hot humid day the warmer and more humid
the air outside the better the his
machine is able to condense the water in
the air making it rain inside the
shipping container size device a spigot
and a hose allow people to fill up any
container with fresh potable water it's
like an endless source of water it's a
water generator that's really cool for
play
that are human I wonder if that would
work in LA though cuz it's dry as fuck
here right do they have any water in the
air here they must have some yeah yeah
and I was I'd looked on the other day I
was sixty-two percent you made of the
outside I was like this is Oh that's
Ohio levels like it's crazy right now
there's just the other down I was must
have been cloudy day so on a regular day
but is it ever zero percent humidity
it's not no it's let it's lower but it's
still not like I always thought it was
zero but it's not always well if what
he's saying makes sense right like
you've always been able to take a glass
with ice and a drink and you get
condensation on the outside of it always
right so all you would have to do is I
mean if that works on a hot day in LA
they could get water out of the air
that's amazing yeah he's just it's this
is new as far as I know it's probably
not a brand new technology he just
figured out a variable but god I'd love
some more people yeah oh so glad they're
real I'm so glad they're out there
fixing things I'm I'm really hoping and
I've talked to many technologists that
believe this as well that technology is
going to be the solution for our our
environmental problems that they're
gonna be able to pull carbon out of the
air is this it right now that's the
machine that's him he was next here cuts
Tim's like filling it up what is this
gentleman's name Moses West most
powerful Moses West figured it out
and he's get that's like a truck
container like it looks like the look at
that in there yeah that's crazy it looks
like one of those things in the caboose
on a train what's a caboose no cab which
ones which ones the cargo holder
what are those it's like the front the
engine right yeah what's all those ones
in the back where those called the
locomotives different right look at all
that water they're getting out of the
fucking air Texas man plans to take
water machine to the Bahamas do that the
Bahamas is really depressing have you
paid attention to the devastation in the
Bahamas from the hurricane yeah yeah you
know Eve Edwards is from the Bahamas so
he went down there and he's he's helping
out and I looked at some of the the
video footage of the devastation down
there the Bahamas essentially got wiped
out I mean they got crushed
that hurricane at the airport was
disappeared just gone yeah pull up some
footage you're bidding but how much no
I've never been yeah what's it like very
Beach like it was the only place where
everyone was trying to give sell you
drugs everywhere it's like like I was at
Pizza Hut like I guys here's your pizza
and like I want that pizza for some
reason I don't know why because I was
like hi what American poor cheap pizza
and the guy here's your pizza how do you
wanna buy any coke like my pizza
I figured if you're the type of guy who
gets pizza in the Bahamas right in the
type of guy who does coke look at what
it looks like man fuck look at that one
on the right the far right the big shark
go large with that look at that man
that's insane
it essentially wiped out the island see
when when you're in the path of
hurricanes on a regular basis like that
and you're stuck there that's gotta be
such a helpless feeling you know the
destructions coming basically every year
well it did it it wasn't this bad like
ten years ago right like all these
people probably were like yeah we had a
hurricane once 20 years ago but now it
seems like they're just getting fucked
every year well part of it is because of
climate change the Atlantic Ocean the
Atlantic Ocean is a warm ocean right
that's why we don't get hurricanes out
here in the Pacific cuz cuz the waters
cold
the pros and the cons the pros are it we
don't get hurricanes the cons are it's
cold to swim in but to me I'll take that
all day I don't swim in the ocean that
much hurricanes seem to come every
fucking year sigh benefit test is that
they could drive underwater shows videos
of Tesla's like well not submerged but
like yeah crazy really airtight Tesla's
are airtight because the they have the
nuclear bomb mode for the air
conditioning you know I'm talking about
the radiation mode nuclear bomb mode so
they have the filtration system and at
least in the ex I think it's in the s2
has the it's so airtight that like if if
the airs quality is bad or whatever you
can do that and forget the name of it
it's not called a nuclear bomb but it's
the nuclear symbol all out mo yeah and
it makes it so no air it's only
filtering the air that's inside the
cabin and it's
Heights are they like if there's bad gas
outside how long would it take before
you run out of oxygen though I don't
know right because like Goods only so
much air in there if we just breathe in
air and blowing out carbon dioxide
wouldn't eventually fill up or maybe
it's it's filtering the air and because
of that filters can it's like wearing a
gas mask like it's filtering new air
into it yeah what does it call it yeah
does that really work like that yeah I
think so
I remember I was watching an episode of
Top Gear and they were saying that the
air that comes out of a Porsche 911
Turbo is actually cleaner than the air
it sucks in in downtown LA so if you
drive around a 911 Turbo in LA the
exhaust fumes are actually cleaner than
the air pulls in bio weapon defense mode
is what you on must cause it by weapon
defense mode
it's the advanced air filter systems to
the point that automaker has been making
credible claims at how hmm now how does
it does it filter out carbon monoxide
like Aniki give you a continuous supply
of oxygen while the battery's charged
when those fires were going on remember
they were like ice-t permit I remember
he was tweeting something about like
they were like being views as escape
vehicles to get people out because they
had such good HEPA filters on them yeah
Oh hmm that makes sense
yeah haven't been in those fires myself
it's stunning how weird it gets when
you're seeing like fire everywhere and
then the air is just everywhere you go
it's just filled with smoke the worst I
ever saw was one year we were filming
fear factor in the entire ride home for
more than a more than 50 miles the whole
right side of the highway was on fire
there's more water than that but there's
a lot of water oh and it was so funny he
makes a wave that attacks this reporter
look he's like that's a weird feature
because you remember those Karma's those
fisca Karma's they blew up at the dock
because the dock got overrun with water
and they all started exploding yeah
that's fucked up yeah they didn't figure
that out it's gonna be interesting to
see who steps into the electric car
world like now that Porsche has got this
really sweet looking new car that's
coming out but apparently
doesn't have as many miles doesn't go as
many miles as a Tesla all right and it's
not as fast as a test right there's yeah
but that's weird like your Porsche like
why don't you have a faster car than
Tesla like how did they do that like why
would they release a car that's not as
fast I think they all can agree that
Elon
10 years in the past all the car makers
right now though he's 10 years ahead
ahead yeah yeah yeah yeah well makes
sense
I think apples gonna have something
pretty cool bringing because once you
know if Apple really does finally
release their electric car you know
that's going to be the iPhone of cars
yeah I really do I think you won't even
said that they are I have known I
thought they'd lie someone maybe you're
like put their name on something but for
them to get in a car but it seems pretty
tough for Tesla to do it to make their
own cars no I think I think they're
teaming up with like Knox Wagoner and
it's gonna be like an Apple car or
something like that seems like an insane
waste of time
let's just go buy a Tesla Apple has so
much money though it's amazing that how
much my yeah they definitely could it's
amazing how much money that company is
just stored up they could they could buy
Tesla and just turn them into apples
easily be great if Elon wanted to sell I
don't think he wants to sell I think he
wants to prove everybody wrong you know
when everybody says that the company's
gonna go out of business it's gonna lose
80% of its market share and I think he
wants he's the but I don't know how he
does everything that's what doesn't make
any sense to me like how does he do that
and pay attention to the tunnels that
are digging under LA and pay attention
to SpaceX and pay attention to Solar
City I mean how how the fucking one guy
have so many different irons in the fire
a lot of assistance I bet I'm sure but
how does he rest like how do you rest
when you have that many different things
going on that shit ain't good like when
the most busy you've ever been how many
podcast were you doing there was a point
where with yours and death squad I was
probably doing like 11 a week oh oh it
was pretty much only doing podcast
they've ruined all my relationships
damn yeah see that is just not wise
right that's just too much it's too much
to do when people do that when they just
take on too many different I've thought
about other stuff like doing other stuff
I've had offers to do other stuff and I
start thinking about it maybe I could
find time for that and then I then I
give myself coaching like I'm like what
would you tell yourself I'm like what
the fuck is wrong with you you're not
doing anything else like you barely do
all the stuff you're doing now I think
for me too as I get older especially
like right now in my life my leisure
time is very important to me like it
means something and I don't mean leisure
like sit around doing nothing but like
hobbies like stuff that I do like lately
I've been shooting guns you have a
jealous man dude you should come with us
I'm thinking about buying a gun did you
get a gun you want to come with us
tomorrow um wait a minute what's today I
might be going tomorrow we'll talk
afterwards yeah but I'm going soon no
but you should come it's fun it's fun
you learn how to shoot your gun in
tactical yeah it is fun you know it's
like video game but some people get mad
a lot of mad comments why just get mad
they don't want you shooting guns stop
it stop it
think of their children Popat blanks
well we're not shooting blanks no she's
real bullets laws but it's um there's
also a game that you can get we're gonna
get for this studio that's it's a real
pistol like it looks like a real pistol
and has a six pound pole so it feels
like a real pistol when you pull the
trigger and it's like that technol hunt
thing well you got a laser beam that
shoots out and it even makes a noise
like a gun like pow pow bang and you're
shooting zombies no way yeah and it's
heavy like a pistol so you have to hold
it like a pistol don't ya dude that's
bad that's nice core and when I oh oh
yeah
tells you how many civilians you shoot
how many zombies you got cuz sometimes
people come running around the corner
and it says it's a zombie and then
there's a civilian behind him you got to
make sure not to stir you guys rolling
around and shit out there or you just
stand still in that we're not nobody
that's fun you guys are having
yeah no obstacles I don't think it's a
good idea to have dummies like me roll
around with a gun in my hand thank you
somebody told me to buy a Glock 19
that was the gun about great gun cool
yeah you should before you do anything
you should learn how to shoot high five
shot before I've done a few times with
you yeah yeah for rifles right yeah yeah
oh yeah but I've shot in Burbank at the
shooting place with all the place near
ya
dentistry yeah yeah it's fun man it's
fun we should have a JRE shooting range
somewhere hell yeah
have a gentleman before to that thing
that yeah we shot all the hard drives
yes that was fun that was fun wasn't it
it was rifle shooting is fun but pistol
shooting well you're holding in your
hands it's way more difficult it seems
is it more difficult more difficult to
aim yeah because he gave me a rifle and
you know I shoot rifle so much or I have
shot him so much it's easy you just have
trigger discipline you just don't yank
the triggers pull pull pull pull pull
bang and let it go off like a surprise
shot and I was hit everything I aimed at
and he was like okay you've shot that
before but like pistols I've only shot
pistols at a range with no instruction I
don't really I didn't know what I'm
doing at all and once you learn like how
to grip it how to hold it how to aim
like you don't really hold that hard
with your right hand most of the
pressure with your left so and the grip
is very it's not intuitive you have to
learn it it's something that you have to
be taught correctly and there's so many
people there that are like they they
shoot in competitions and so when you
watch them do it you're like oh wow
Jesus Christ like there's levels to this
these guys they can pull their gun out
and shoot four shots inside of a second
man everything in a second pull draw
pull shoot four shots inside of a second
that's crazy yeah it's ridiculous but
they're just begging for someone to
break in the house yeah there's people
like that out there there's people I
thought were you you know you break in
the house you fucked with the wrong
person
well tent city's growing so I think I
need to get one
la is gonna be a giant homeless
encampment it's like if you looked at
the spread right if it was a disease a
deadly disease that was killing
everybody and you saw a patient zero and
then it spread like two people four
people
six people ten people now la has more
than 60,000 homeless people and every
single underpass that you go to you see
camps now yeah it's not like it used to
be it's a it's a totally different
animal now it's like a walking dead man
where it's it seems like it's growing
like Laurel Canyon when you're going to
Laurel Canyon off the 101 it used to be
pretty normal last night are 2 nights
ago when I went through it it was like
you there was no sidewalk anymore it was
like if somebody won it had to walk on
that sidewalk yeah good luck with your
going through a walk village
you know yep and needles and all kinds
of fucked up inhuman shit I mean human
shits all over downtown LA people shit
and that's nothing compared to San
Francisco that guy's ubi who's on our
podcast he did a bunch of posts about
his trip to San Francisco is like it is
so much worse he was saying it was so
much worse than he thought it was it's
so it's so beyond comprehension how many
people are just openly shooting up drugs
shitting in the streets homeless people
everywhere how do you fix that and like
if you think that if there's something
that la needed to fix how do all the
things that LA complains about the
homeless problem it's like one of the
most insurmountable problems like what
do you do to curb that how do you get
these people homes how do you clean
these people up how do you get them off
drugs how do you get them off the
streets how do you make it not a public
nuisance how do you make it so people
aren't scared to go down streets those
are certain streets in downtown LA where
you see the street like you're at the
beginning of the mouth the street and
you look into a street like I'm not
walking down there like this is terrible
so they need to open up the mental
hospitals again whenever they closed
them down wait in the 70s or the 80s
that's what caused all this they don't
have those anymore
it definitely was a problem but it seems
like it's gotten way worse right like
think about what it used to be ten years
ago now think about what it is now I
mean this ten years ago it was still
decades after they closed down the
mental institutions they changed the
standards so what it was was they had
certain standards where you would be
institutionalized and they changed those
standards under the Reagan
administration just sent these people
out into the streets and everybody
thought it was like really cruel because
he reads releasing these people with
always like severe mental health
problems he's releasing the mountain to
the street but that was a long time ago
something has happened recently I guess
is the economy I mean I don't know what
it is but another thing you're thinking
seeing around this area is mobile homes
like those the drive those campers like
Winnebagos fucking everywhere
people just get enough money to get one
of them mobile homes they just Park it
on the street and they live in those
things
which is just like a mobile camp you
know and you get these gypsies that hang
out and they cook on the sidewalk and
shit like we used to have him here they
would they would like they were hanging
out and sunbathing on the lawn out here
and the owner of the building is like
get the fuck out of here like what are
you guys doing this isn't a park like go
to the park you know it's worse
sovereign citizens what is that there's
people that don't drive they travel and
they don't follow the rules and they
like if you watch it live PD they have
won every episode - every episode its
they'll get pulled over and it's like
they won't even roll down the window and
they're like I don't have to follow your
rules sir I am you know they never have
driver's license or insurance they it's
like people that don't think taxes apply
to them but they don't think the law
applies that's gromp grown so big
recently that it's so many people now
that do this shit and it's the most
grossest like if you watch on my PDA
you'll you'll it is live PD YP these
cops nowadays it's but it's a new show I
think it's way better by the way but
because it's live it's like four hours
long and the hosts live yeah live in the
moment yeah they're like in seven
different cities they have a whole
control center like all right we got a
speeding going on here we got it up
there's a chase going on here let's go
live over here yeah it's my favorite and
they also have in Columbus Ohio where
they used to but it's got rid of it yeah
I didn't even know this was a thing and
so these sovereign citizens like what
are they saying that you pulled over and
they say I don't have to listen to you
yeah they pretty much say like your
rules don't apply they'll be like get
you know give me your driver's side I
need your I'm ready quick take you to
jail for just a seatbelt
you know violation give me your license
they wall like I don't need to give you
a license sir please like they have this
shit to keep on repeating like and they
all go to these websites and they're
like reading it on their phone sir I
don't have to you know do this and that
in this and then they finally have to
like break their window and just drag
them out and arrest them just wear a
seatbelt finally people are smart and
they're talking about though but other
people have just like watched another
video like ow I don't have to listen to
this guy I'm a youtuber there's
something uniquely satisfying about
watching I get pulled over by the cops
and he knows exactly what his rights are
and the cops are fucking up and he calls
the cops on different codes and laws and
the Constitution and then he winds up
driving off I've seen that before
yeah it's all over the DEA on accident
they're like oh yeah or that woman who
was a New York she was like some kind of
high up person that got pulled over and
she starts like yelling out the cops and
shit like she lost her job the next day
yeah I saw that yeah yeah that was
ridiculous she was trying to throw her
weight around yeah she didn't realize
she was on camera being a big corruption
man that's corruption you're a citizen
bitch you know everybody needs to
realize there was one where a judge got
pulled over they let him slide but he
got in trouble afterwards as well
because it's on camera you know and then
someone finds that video it's like hey
man you're our citizen you're like us
like if you're speeding or something
like that and they pull you over you
can't get out act like you own these
cops it's I mean you got to give your
fucking Drive driver's license up you
gotta you got to show them your
identification if you're doing something
that's an infraction or a violation
that's the whole reason why we have cops
do you want everybody just driving 150
miles an hour with no ID and masks on No
so you have to have rules so these are
the rules if you do something that
breaks the law they gotta be able to
pull you over and give you a fucking
ticket and incentivize you to drive
correctly and also find out if maybe
you're running from the cops you know so
they pull you over to get your ID leo
hey man you got a murder warrant out for
you so please step out of the car with
your hands up I mean this is the whole
reason when we have cops in the first
place then these people that think they
don't have to pay taxes then the laws
don't apply to them it's all instant
unconstitutional good luck with that
case good luck with the ass Wesley
Snipes how that worked out yeah it
should they put Wesley and fuck in jail
for a long time Lauryn Hill too from the
goddamn Fugees they put her in a cage
for like a year right how long did she
go to jail for it was a taxes thing two
men they get these wacky whether it's an
attorney or a tax professional or some
wacky advisor tells them they don't
to pay taxes and they read some internet
thing it says actually it's
unconstitutional it's only supposed to
apply during wartime like listen pay
your fucking taxes okay you can protest
all you want you think it's unjust
that's good they will put you in a
fuckin jail and if you're a famous
person is trying to pull that off
especially a famous rich person look
it's not good but it is what it is
they're gonna make an example of you
yeah how long did you go to jail for
three that's it showing what did you
have for three months you tell hmm so
she was released from a federal prison
woman's low security all facility all
female facility just the fact they put
her in a fucking cage is crazy like is
she a danger to the public like what is
going on here she owes you money how
come that's the one money that you can't
just pay back you know you can't just
pay it back how come I can't just pay it
back nope
not good enough yeah and yet they take
away your ability to earn a living for a
long time like Wesley Snipes how long
was he in jail for
he was in jail for like a solid year I
whole year behind bars put a halt to his
career and all because he owed some
taxes cuz he had some wacky dude that
was telling him he didn't have to pay
taxes how long he had a 3-year sentence
three years imagine that man because of
money they lock you in a goddamn cage
it's not like he stole money I saw he
held up a bank it's not like he was a
violent person that was a danger to
society
no he owed some taxes he made money yeah
and they had their taking his yeah he
made money but he didn't give his share
up to the government so the government
decided to lock him in a cage to punish
him and to make a statement to everybody
else
it's saucer-like you pay taxes you get
taxed on your paycheck and then you get
sales tax they're getting taxed how many
times you know getting taxed a lot ten
times well then that's why places like
Nevada people like because in Nevada you
don't have to pay state taxes so you
make a you can save a lot of money
Florida same thing like I know it dude
who moved to Florida because he was
gonna sell his business so he's like
look I'm gonna move to Florida and
establish residence in Florida for a few
years and then sell my business so I'm a
Florida resident and then after
pay nearly as much money can see if you
own a big business it can save you a ton
of money it's just weird that it's
different everywhere you go you know
like some places just don't have state
tax you don't have to pay yeah
Montana has different taxes Colorado is
different taxes they're all of
everybody's getting like a different set
up different amount that you have to pay
for this and that override there's a
weird thing that like a lot of the big
corporations have their headquarters in
Delaware for some reason it's like some
weird tax law for that mm yeah a nice
little tax haven it sound like that well
isn't that why the juice moved to
Florida didn't oj move to florida
because they couldn't take his pension
that way where he owes money based off
the lawsuit right for the civil suit
yeah but he has a pension right from the
NFL yeah so takers right they can't fuck
with that pension dude I gotta tell you
watching him on Twitter
hey every day is one of the strangest
thing and he I'm talking about football
so there's certain things like if you're
if you're a guy who went to jail for
embezzlement and he got out but you're a
football fan and you still talk about
football okay you're just talking about
football but if you're you're a double
homicide guy you killed two people with
a knife and then you got away with it
but everybody knows you did it and then
you're talking about football hates for
the world what is he saying run your
studs see football all the time let me
hear some of this get go from the
beginning well the fifth week is in the
can and some things are beginning to
reveal themselves one the Dallas Cowboys
may not be who we thought they were the
Buffalo Bills defense is for real they
are great Teddy Bridgewater's more than
the seat holder if and when the time
that drew brees decided to move on is so
strange let's just give an MMA like pecs
what if somebody gets out stopping it
was great this weekend yeah that would
be weird
hey yeah well I mean obviously it was a
great football player in his day so it
kind of makes sense that he's talking
about football but it is strange and
then if you look in the comments it's
all knife emojis
and you really cut me up with that one
juice his choice of words sometime
almost make me feel like that that he's
doing some shit on purpose though like I
don't think some psychology look at the
coverages it's so strange yeah I mean
his it's like you're never getting away
from that 700 replies it's never gonna
go away right I mean that's who he is
at least now he's wearing sunglasses in
every pic it's so strange though every
video Hey look at his inside yeah he's
got a glass those are reading glass he's
got his hand but it's all like jovial
football talk so strange
it's just what a weird time we're at
where a guy ism is a murderer and it's
on Twitter
yeah allegedly he's on Twitter and just
talking about football like what do you
think he gets out of that like why do
you think he thinks that's a good idea
does he just miss attention just like I
think it has anything going for him he
has to do that to promote like book
signings I bet he signs a song he's no
signings I bet he does that shit at the
mall in Vegas you know what the fuck he
does like what does OJ do for money
Petros types she just gets that pension
right yeah there could might be honest
he might be trying to build his Twitter
account to a point where he could use it
for that how many people million nine
hundred sixteen thousand yeah well it's
one of those things where it's kind of
an oddity right it's like an attraction
he's gonna be boxing screech any day now
he's really old and he doesn't move that
good but he's got killer instinct I like
him on Naked Gun look he's you know
before the murders he was a beloved
person it's just such a it's such an
unusual like society today is so strange
across the board
you know like look at us we're we're in
NASA costumes millions of people are
watching like what are we doing
let's mount according to this teams are
believed to report our teams the article
I guess it says that that what he
originally owed to the Goldman family
due to twenty-two years of interest is
over a hundred million dollars now
mm-hmm so and they can't make him pay
huh
well that's like why I guess he can't
really work is it just take all that
money so any autograph signings he does
probably we get they take all the money
and go on right away so how does he live
he has to have like a certain allowance
just had NFL pension war he has a friend
who gives him money
right no no probably as I like what
would he do with his Twitter
well the strange thing is like do you
think that this is a calculated effort
to try to start a social media business
or do you think this is just him just
trying to connect with people what some
someone has to be is here there's no way
he just figured out Twitter
here's a Bourdon was like what's this
Twitter thing I mean he has some big guy
man for sure read an article hmm he's
got to be the hottest guy on Twitter him
and John McAfee that John McAfee guy ran
around
oh yeah he's like halfway trolling
people it's hard to tell what he's doing
like what he's doing seems to be like
almost like a sum of it's very
theatrical
remember when we interviewed him when he
was on the run we interviewed him
remotely when he was on the run for
murder and he was saying that it was all
nonsense when I was asking him about
math like how much math you you really
smoking meth like I read an article that
showed that you had a meth lab that you
built in your backyard he's like I
thought that was all fiction yeah it was
like that was a prank
I was trolling people I believe that you
think so yeah I know he's old school
he's an old school I mean it was cooking
it I mean he was straight up Breaking
Bad in his backyard where was even
Belize like where was summer something
like that
but some place where it all went
sideways on him right in his neighbor
wind up getting murdered that's why he's
on the run right yeah
what a character the guy was a fuckin
antivirus mogul you know I mean deaths
McAfee McAfee Antivirus he was the like
though it was like Norton and McAfee
those are the two big names in antivirus
hundred Norton
- right you know McAfee sold place and
believe smoke is leftover meth
[Laughter]
those dudes who fuckin escape society
and go move to some small island and get
some little little you know native
girlfriends that's a weird move right
that's a great move do you think you'd
ever see yourself doing that hell yes
you could podcast from an island
somewhere as soon as that's possible
being hologram stuck hologram style
anywhere that's when it like like you
could have you somebody on as a guest as
a podcast but in hologram form well
listen if we decided to set up a studio
like on an island somewhere and do the
podcast from an island somewhere and
we'd have to fly some guests in right
like say if there's a few of us we just
talk shit about the news all the things
that are going down the Trump
impeachment this and that we all did it
from an island somewhere and
occasionally we fly people in you put
say if you do it in online I write you
got you everybody flies in the four
seasons stay in a nice place has to be
somewhere where there's no hurricanes
less they don't get too many hurricanes
I've had to lean on like Jeffrey Epstein
pitch to get people on his plane he's
still alive anyway so we can just go to
his I do you think he's still oh yeah
really yeah he said he's on that island
how funny is it that people just stop
talking about the fact that guy get
whacked yeah for sure they whacked that
guy I mean out of all the things that
I'm sure about that I don't know and
this is one that I'm most sure I'm most
sure they murdered that guy he knew so
much from so many different people and
all the things that went wrong even
Michael Shermer
who is like a professional skeptic who
doesn't believe in anything he found out
that the cameras were broken and the the
they weren't working on the day the guy
got offed he's like oh maybe this is a
conspiracy you think you think the guy
Clinton flew to his fucking Island 26
times he flew with Epstein why don't he
flew into his Island but he flew on
Epstein's jet 26 different times they
held I'll chopper there for
quite a long time and nothing happened
to him what at that same facility
oh yeah like no one who died there for
26 years or something like that
consistent I knew I heard Dave whack
that guy the most hilarious thing is you
ever see who his cellmate was that no
this helmet was a fucking gorilla really
like the biggest guy you could ever
imagine being in your cell like the guy
looked like you're like if you're gonna
have a movie about the worst possible
cell mate you could ever have it would
be this guy look at this guy look at
size of the guy so glad he's white and
he's a former cop a former cop built
like a brick shithouse
I mean he's enormous what is that guy's
name Nicholas Turk toggle yelling yeah
he was a bad cop the cop went bad but
when you look at the size of him you
like come on man that's really his
cellmate look like before you went in
then a bad dog and that's him now yeah
Wow he's fucking huge a huge gigantic
muscled up dude was his cellmate and was
he there when he got offed no he wasn't
there no what a convenient there the
first time he wanted it suicide was tell
me drives that yeah what aimed him what
did this save him he killed four people
on a bad coke deal whoopsies I had it
come on big do whatever whatever a bad
coke deal but how funny is that that
that's his cellmate like what do we got
what do we got well only got a murderer
that's built like a brick shithouse and
put him in there with him he got some
wet cocaine he's transferred out the eve
of his suicide okay Vincent and then
they had the doctor picture with ghilane
mask well at the in and out and Studio
City yeah it was just like what would
they put that out disappeared right made
the news doctored photo shopped for some
reason where's that lady
no one knows they didn't even know where
she was at the time and then she liked
that picture came out that thought she
was in Boston or something out about the
high-profile cases out of all of them
that's got to be the most strange right
this guy has an island on the island he
has a building
that's colored in the the the mate it's
painted in the colors of the Israeli
flag they think he's a Mossad agent he's
some sort of intelligence agent the
reporter that said that he was released
earlier was given a sweet deal because
he was intelligence that's not been
verified right right that came from one
article the Vanity Fair thing right he's
on him that got repeated a lot but I
don't know that we don't know if
anywhere that's right right jeez it's
the whole thing though Jesus Christ what
a crazy story this is a strangest time
because every day there's new things
coming at you so hard and fast you can't
keep up with it
this was his drone there's someone
flying a drone over his Island every day
stop three weeks ago I guess but for the
like almost every day there was updated
drone footage for some reason I don't
know how this person was getting it
there they must have a boat but yeah he
paid someone something like fifty
thousand dollars extra to have a cement
truck delivered there a couple months
before he got arrested like he had a
cement truck shipped out to his Island
and they think they had some shit got
buried in that tunnel or something I
don't know so they've been like that
they have footage on this island pre
rate and post rate of the FBI making it
there yeah there was one like last week
or two weeks ago where they supposedly
saw him sitting in an thought so it was
just like a worker from violence there's
gonna be so many stories about this but
we're never gonna know it's gonna be one
of those things it's like the Kennedy
assassination or something
we're decades will go by you'll hear all
these crazy different stories people
write books about it but you'll never
really know exactly what happened hey we
should get assigned to this island yeah
what happens to it how much you think an
island cause it's probably gonna be
cheap because no one wants to live on
how to fail island so this could be the
place Joe I don't know if that's really
smart
it doesn't seem like a good move it
seems like the one you want to buy you
want to do like what Roseanne did you
get a place on an island that is already
populated a bunch of nice people
establish self as a valuable member in
the community and then you set up a
camp there imagine the big island the
big island might be the move set up a
fucking studio on the Big Island
hell yeah what do you think let's do it
it's not a bad idea right conservatory
can we do it up there where they let us
know they want you to let them build a
new house code tell us what if we take a
tent and a microphone up there no they
get mad at you you're littering
temporary no all right no you don't want
to be up there anyways no air so that's
really only 11,000 square feet red Bambi
blacking out maybe we need to have
something like like near like Kona like
where the Four Seasons is see again the
Four Seasons bring oxygen I'm four
seasons oxygen watch me blend of the
four seasons you just we rent a suite at
the Four Seasons set it up as a studio
yes that's great we have to have an
escape oxygen like basement we can go to
just in case of a hurricane or something
crazy happens an oxygen baby already
like like an escape room we should we
could Airbnb it out to other podcasters
that need the vacation not anyone like
your friends like a good friend of yours
fuck that they would ruin it yeah maybe
farm on our he's gonna go there and fill
it without the seal on the water be
broken yeah trust me bad idea it's gonna
put acid on all the CNRS
someone who could go meditate there
quietly something like that Sarris goes
on those things where you don't talk for
10 days exactly the fuck out of here
with all of that he comes back he still
seems the same I don't get it
these guys they go are these fucking
retreats I mean I'm sure there's a
benefit I'm sure there's a benefit to
silent meditation but you can take it
stuff it deep in your ass fuck you I
like talking to people man it's not
enough time and this wife you don't like
to meditate I do meditate for 10 minutes
every day 10 10 minutes
that's not much how much and I you know
I I cancel it out when I do yoga I don't
don't meditate on yoga days because I
feel like Yoga is basically meditation
anyway it's like a strain and meditation
all combined I cancel it out on days I
get in the tank but other than that it's
beneficial it definitely helps me man I
got too much just bouncing around inside
my head
you know but it's like it's controllable
I just need to be I just need to get out
ahead of it you know like
day today I went for a nice run went
went running with the dog and I feel
great you know cuz I got it all out of
the system just like ah I did what I had
to do come here to do a podcast with you
everything is wonderful life is
beautiful it's all falling into place
but when it's not and there's like loose
ends that need to be sealed up and I'm
behind on this and I don't think good
you know it doesn't doesn't if I don't
take care of all the things that I'm
supposed to take care of I do not enjoy
my time that's to me I found that like
that's a painful lesson that took
forever to learn that if I don't have
all my ducks in a row and my t's crossed
and my eyes dotted I'm not happy I'm
just there's too much just too much
things to think about too much anxiety I
think that's what's going on with a lot
of people I think there's a lot of
people out there that just don't have
their shit together and they don't ever
just say look before I do anything else
I gotta get like Jordan Peterson talks
about this he says just clean your room
like start with that you can clean your
room and most people don't you keep your
room mess and then your life's a mess
and there there's an analogy there
there's a metaphor there whatever other
word you would like you know I'm talking
about Brian yes so now that you're not
Kido what are you doing with your diet
trying to be healthy no not really
no no but it definitely has made me
understand sugar more smoking cigarettes
yeah I'm vaping a lot more but yeah how
much cigarettes do you smoke a day half
pack still yeah but I don't smoke in my
car so I my cigarette has gone down like
because of that because of that like 70%
that's good yeah what would you think if
we decided to do that as a project
higher you a trainer and how are you -
nutritionist would you be down with that
sure like film it as a project yeah what
would you like what do you weigh now
would you you don't have to tell
everybody but what would you like to get
down to but see that's the problem would
night when when I got down whatever like
15 years they are 13 year ago whenever
that when I whatever I think I was like
65 pounds or something and I I just
thought I look like I
had AIDS or something we're just
yourself looking big yeah but I think
some people like they have a body shape
or look that looks way but way better
with a little chub on them than they do
if they look I don't know I feel like
you know what Joey Diaz said when he
lost a lot of weight maybe when he lost
a lot oh my fucking head look too big
yeah exactly but you know what that is
it's like you got to build up your body
because something happens to people when
they gain weight your head gets bigger
it's like when people get really heavy
their head gets bigger and I don't know
if like a biologist can back us up on
this some sort of science but it seems
like really overweight people their head
gets really big too like it grows with
them which kind of makes sense because
there's like your bones definitely get
bigger and thicker when you lift a lot
of weights right now when you're 450
pounds you're carrying weight everywhere
you go so everything's got to be thick
like I always said if Ralphie may wanna
blues and all that weight he'd be able
to kick a hole through a fucking wall
cuz that guy's carrying around 500
pounds everywhere he goes his leg
muscles had to be gigantic like
underneath all that his legs must have
been fucking huge so if you could just
put some muscle on while you're losing
the fat see that's the difference like
when you were on that look at you look
great then dude let me you sexy bitch
now look at what you think you look bad
no okay that's an OK man I was thinking
more about the wide as you look Jamie
how great you look you look fucking
great there I was think more of that
time when the photo of me and you with
that weed guy that died at the 4/20
Awards where I just look like an 8
that's when I was at my lowest the one I
had although of can't think of his name
he has weed named after him he's very
famous oh yeah yeah stroke yeah we were
hanging out there me and you and I just
that's when I was at my skinniest I
think I was like 160 155 or something
like that I remember but I just look
like ass I feel so light though you move
around like asses get places quicker
yeah
Lichter definitely have more energy
that's better dude you can do this what
would you think about doing this as a
project like we'll announce it on the
podcast we'll start it off would you be
into doing something like that yeah I
mean eventually not like not like this
month because I have to go to Australia
how this started now I have to Australia
you know that yeah when are you going
back what you do until Tony out there
yeah doing kill Tony and then uh yeah so
this month is all I'm on the road okay
well I'm in the bit and I'm busy being
sober this month too it's very difficult
for me
it's fucking surprisingly easy you know
it's not hard at all I do enjoy a glass
of wine with a steak I do miss that I
like a glass of wine but it's not that
important yeah it's like a tradition
thing like I'm missing the the like like
something to look forward to a nice nice
glass of red wine with a steak like a
gentleman I think it's only hard when
I'm at the Comedy Store
yeah it's impossible I do like a shot of
whiskey before I go on stage - I've been
like that yeah but I can't look at you
it's almost over
it's yeah it's half wait and I'm halfway
it's the tenth one third one third and
ninth yeah one third yeah it's been easy
the weed part's easy it's really easy
shows have been great had a great time
last night I did three shows that I'll
tell you one thing though that Jeremiah
shows not as easy stand-up on the spot
it's not as easy when you're not high
that's true when you're high you could
just ramble about nonsense you come up
with bits I've come up with so many bits
from that show but not not when I'm
sober last night was basically useless
that's the only show that I purposely do
shots
drink smoke a bunch of weed before I go
on you say I don't like to get that
stoned before I go on stage no that's
the perfect show to be out of your head
yeah he really should listen you though
and rename it thunderpussy
that was the best name when you call the
thunderpussy it was the perfect name for
that I just need to make any show called
thunderpussy it's not like there's the
only he's the only one who's ever done a
show that has people just making things
up and I used to do that at the end of
my shows remember and it's P Q and s
call out but they would call out things
to talk about and they would yell out
subjects I was just
and occasionally the reason why would do
is occasionally like one every two or
three shows I'd come up with an idea
that actually would come up and become a
bit it just remembered something we're
in Dallas last weekend for kill Tony and
there was a bisexual on stage and he was
talking about he's bisexual and a lot of
times when people are on the stage that
on the show I'll be like on my computer
like typing in bisexual on Spotify or
something you know to see what comes up
and you come up like number one or
number two on Spotify if you just type
bisexual it's you
and then so I point to Tony while we're
interviewing the guy day guys like that
I'm like you know what I'm gonna try to
just play like I can't skier anything so
like I'll just play like cuz I do sound
effects on that that bit that I still
have a don't believe in bisexual men
yeah SHINee had a jihad and so I just
randomly like with my I look looks like
just you yelling something here and it
would be like crafty gay guys and so
like we started Nick I started mixing in
just random like picking things and then
there's a part of the joke where you I
think you're talking like about if you
were the gay the bisexual guy because
there's one where it was like so yeah I
have experience experimented once in a
while that was a different bit shiny
happy yeah yeah but it it works so house
dude it was it people are on the floor
because it sounded like you were just in
the back of the room like get out that's
a funny thing to like if you have one
minute on stage the first thing you
notice are girls being bisexual yeah
it's isn't it funny how like that
becomes like for people's identity like
their sexuality becomes an important
thing about their identity that they
want to blur it out to everyone but like
if you're head of heterosexual nobody
does that
because it's the norm you know it's the
norm you don't feel like you have to get
it out of the way you don't say well my
name is Brian I really like girls
Yeah right everybody would be like what
I'm heterosexual yeah why but if you say
you're bisexual people like oh my god
you're adventurous yes people always
tell you when they're bisexual at least
guys yeah are or girls they love telling
you right but it's like the thing they
do to get attention it's like you know
certain girls they're always around guys
they just talk about their guy problems
and it's like oh
I know what you're doing you're like
fishing for saviors you're fishing for
some guy to come along and send you some
dick and fix your problem you know ii
mean like some girls like god these guys
I didn't they just never want to have
sex you know those those little bait
traps the girls set up and you're like
oh my god who's gonna fall for this one
stop no no echos Brian of course I do
hey man it's two o'clock we gotta wrap
this up
tickets for Australia they're still
available Tony there there's a twosome
left Tegan San Francisco next weekend
we're gonna cop four shows cops fool yes
oh Friday on Saturday yeah oh shit she
shows E tonight Oh Daniel Tony mania oh
that's fun are you doing stand-up tour
just doing kill tone on this we're just
doing kill Tony because it's like our
yearly like like fest okay cool
is there a lot of comics up in San
Francisco yeah and there's a lot of
comics that just come down or come up
for this like oh yeah for sure yeah from
all the yeah area okay um read ban on
Twitter or read ban on Instagram
anything else nope check me out on Ari
Shaffir is podcast I just did check them
out epic tanker bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]